I hate parties I hate going to them and
I hate giving them this one's going to
be the worst I'm feeling grow every year
it's a saying the desperate scrambling
around go to some stupid party pretend
to be happy when really your girlfriend
just left you and you have no career are
you gonna be like this all night
nobody's coming I think I'll just
walking the streets out there what about
the Claudia they can hear you guys that
no no the losers will be here you guys
like the dancer do you like Devo or what
I like New Age stuff and by the way I'm
not gay I get that all the time
no I'm not gay you know what you need to
do maybe get in this cake I do you've
got to say yes to your desk yeah
wait a minute I thought this is a place
for your mother I see it oh wow she
thinks I'm sleeping at your house
you okay probably one of those chilis
drinketh try to mix keep it in your
mouth dr. Cutten isn't even having a
party she is having a party I just need
the address
tell me the reason why you broke up with
me god I broke up with you because you
were the worst lover I've ever had in my
life what even counting high school is
you know that's what New Year's Eve is
all about you can feel the fun like
electricity
hey wake up
no girl went home alone on New Year's
Eve was like she was jinxed for the
whole year
oh my god
new heaven I recognized your shoes I
bought them for you remember Howie
that's perfect
surgeon
goddess
where's the sex any good no I'm sorry it
was bad these matches are disappointing
me this is like the worst night of my
life
yeah buzzes this is so fun whoo
you